Social network terms and conditions contents
Introduction: document governs website use; consent to website document: implied; consent to website terms and conditions: express; website user minimum age.
Copyright notice: UCC copyright notice; ownership of rights in website.
Permission to use website: licence to use website; no downloading; website use: permitted purposes; no modification of website content; limitations on licence to use website; redistributable content; suspension or restriction of access to website.
Feeds: access to feeds; accessing feeds and acceptance of document; feeds licence; feeds licence condition; revocation of feeds licence.
Other social media platforms: website includes other social media features; functions of social media features; social media platform terms and conditions; no liability for other social media platforms; collection of information by social media platforms.
Misuse of website: acceptable use: prohibitions; using contact details prohibited; veracity of information supplied.
Registration and accounts: account eligibility; account registration process; no other person permitted to use account; notify on misuse of account; use of another's account.
User login details: provision of login details; user ID rules and impersonation; password to be kept confidential; notify on disclosure of password; responsibility for password loss.
Cancellation and suspension of account: rights of operator over free website account; cancellation policy for unused accounts; cancellation of free website account by user.
Social networking: social networking features; no responsibility for user behaviour; no liability for defamatory posts.
Personal profiles: profile information accurate etc; profiles to be kept up to date; personal profile as user content.
Our rights to use your content: definition of user content; licence of user content; sub-licensing of user content; right to bring proceedings in respect of user content; waiver of moral rights in user content; user may edit own content; delete etc user content on breach.
Rules about your content: user content warranty; no unlawful user content; user content rules; civility and user content; hyperlinking and user content; previous complaints and user content.
Report abuse: request to report abuse; how to report abuse.
Limited warranties: no warranties for information; right to discontinue website publication; no implied warranties or representations relating to website.
Limitations and exclusions of liability: caveats to limits of liability; interpretation of limits of liability; no liability for free information or services; no liability for force majeure; no liability for business losses; no liability for loss of data or software; no liability for consequential loss; no personal liability.
Indemnity: indemnity from website users.
Breaches of these terms and conditions: consequences of breach; non circumvention of measures upon breach.
Third party websites: third party websites: hyperlinks not recommendations; third party websites: no control or liability.
Trade marks: trade mark ownership; third party trade marks on website.
Competitions: competitions on website; competition terms and conditions.
Variation: document may be revised; variation of website document: unregistered users; variation of website document: registered users.
Assignment: assignment by first party; assignment by second party.
Severability: severability of whole; severability of parts.
Third party rights: third party rights: benefit; third party rights: exercise of rights.
Entire agreement: entire agreement - use of website.
Law and jurisdiction: governing law; jurisdiction.
Statutory and regulatory disclosures: ecommerce regulations: trade register; ecommerce regulations: authorisation scheme; ecommerce regulations: professionals; ecommerce regulations: code of conduct; value added tax number.
Our details: website operator name; company registration details; place of business; contact information.